feat: add support config allow_connection and some things about read only routing (#338)
linux-system-roles/mssql: README.md

Type: `string`

> #### mssql_ha_secondary_role_allow_connections

Reviewer: It would be nice to add examples of this to the section "Example Inventory for HA Configuration" and refer to this section here with `See [Example Inventory for HA Configuration](#example-inventory-for-ha-configuration) for an example inventory.`

Also, mention that this is a host variable, to indicate that role expects it to be set in inventory per nodes, not at the playbook level.

Author: so thanks for your suggestion

A host var it means allow connections type when the replica is secondary role.

The available values are: `ALL`, `READ_ONLY`, `NO`.

Default: `ALL`

Type: `string`

#### mssql_ha_read_only_routing_list

Read only routing list in availability group for when the replica is primary role.

If variable is undefined will not set read only routing list.

> See the doc from microsoft  https://learn.microsoft.com/zh-cn/sql/database-engine/availability-groups/windows/configure-read-only-routing-for-an-availability-group-sql-server?view=sql-server-ver16

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [doc from microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/database-engine/availability-groups/windows/configure-read-only-routing-for-an-availability-group-sql-server?view=sql-server-ver16)
```

> The example: 'node-4','node-6' or ('node-4','node-6')

Author: I think we need `(` and `)`, because in read only routing, multi replicas  may have different priority.  I extract examples from Sql Server Doc

For example, the following routing list load balances read-intent connection request across two read-only replicas, Server1 and Server2. The nested parentheses that surround these servers identify the load-balanced set. If neither replica is available in that set, it will proceed to attempt to sequentially connect to the other replicas, Server3 and Server4, in the read-only routing list.
READ_ONLY_ROUTING_LIST = (('Server1','Server2'), 'Server3', 'Server4')

Note that each entry in the routing list can itself be a set of load-balanced read-only replicas. The following example demonstrates this.
READ_ONLY_ROUTING_LIST = (('Server1','Server2'), ('Server3', 'Server4', 'Server5'), 'Server6')

But this is waht professional Sql Server DBA need to configure, So don't worry .
